Get out of the way Lu Jing is cruel
If it weren't for Mr. Ye's large number
That's my life.
Somebody hand him over to me
Prince Liu
What's up?
Grandpa, are you alright?
Hey, the medical student said
I still have ten years and one meter of life left.
Uh-huh, everybody.
You won't really believe Ye Yan
Have this ability?
If Liu's hometown really gained 10 years of longevity
How can you faint and be afraid of Ye Yan?
Will you run away
Hard for me to see
It must be my magic medicine working
True and false oath life
You have to test the cloud before you can verify it.
That makes sense.
I declare that the banquet is now over
Ruyan will come later
My office
Nice job.
I can't let you work in vain this time
This world, mountains and rivers map will be sent to you as a gift.
Tiantiandi mountains and rivers map
It's the best.
Feed the eye drops gifted by Shangxian
It's a good thing
Has helped me improve my first-order divine power
I will transfer the excess divine power to the immortals
What do you think?
Wow, that's amazing.
I have to thank God too
The earphones you took in your live stream?
Powerful.
Victory, I also transfer to the immortal
What tailwind?
Hey, Yanyan, what are you doing?
Ouch.
Sister Meng Po's white underwear is not suitable for you
Look, I got some new models here.
You, lady boss